when the craze began it seemed like
harmless fun planking involves balancing
while stretched out on everyday objects
or places posing for a photo and posting
it online but when I became dubbed a
sport it soon became competitive with
people posing in ever more dangerous
locations at the weekend it claimed its
first life when a 20 year old man
plunged from this balcony at a Brisbane
apartment block police confirmed acton
beal had been clanking he either
balanced and and fell to his death it
might seem like fun but as this episode
is shown it carries great risk a debate
began to rage on line between those
mourning the death and calling for
planking to stop Australia's Prime
Minister said it was a tragedy well I
guess there's a difference between a
harmless bit of fun I've done somewhere
that's really safe and taking a risk
with your life last week neat sure got
arrested for performing this pose on a
police car he was charged with being on
police property unlawfully I know they
do that job that I don't really see the
problem with she guys having a bit of
fun really it's not hurting anyone
having caused any damage not breaking
innocent that incident got the attention
of the mainstream media and it was
treated as a bit of a joke even though
some began to fear there was an accident
waiting to happen the police say it's
downright dangerous and someone could
get hurt but plonkers insisted there was
no real danger do we don't a park bench
or a car or something isn't really no
dangerous at all it's a bit a bit of fun
the craze has been spreading overseas
including Britain pictures from Oxford
Circus and even outside Buckingham
Palace have appeared on facebook but
while we know that behaving like a plank
is a way to describe stupidity that
phrase is not familiar down under not
yet anyway I wanna become the best
pranker there is and yeah it's kind of
insane why people would get worked up
about it but the death of acton Beal has
proved that the joke has now gone too
far in woods Sky News Sydney